Step 5: Monitoring and Continuous Improvement
The period directly after implementing the process is called "hypercare". In this period, which can last
anything from a couple of days to many months depending on the automated process transaction volume,
criticality, robustness and so on,
we closely monitor the functioning of the implemented process to ensure it runs smoothly and that the process
output is correct
and according to business requirements. After the hypercare period, the process will be included in
the portfolio of automated processes and carefully monitored and controlled by dedicated resources.
Monitoring processes consist of activities such as checking reports and logs for errors and exceptions,
measuring KPIs to ensure
business requirements are met.
Checking dashboards to ensure everything runs smoothly and making noncritical and minor adjustments
when necessary.
Also important is to have focus on ongoing improvements of the automated processes through incremental,
but also breakthrough, improvements.
That's what we consultants often refer to as continuous improvement.
This means that process improvements should be identified, evaluated and prioritized in a backlog.
Any incremental or breakthrough improvement identified before step 5) should of course also be taking note of.
And that's it.
A basic five step implementation plan for piloting RPA in your enterprise. To make sure the RPA initiative
is handled well in your organization,
it's important to build an RPA Center of Excellence or to make someone responsible for the initiative
and that's what we'll discuss in the next lesson.